Update docs unit testing typescript (#19023)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/unit-testing.md

## Using TypeScript

If you are using TypeScript, you need to make two small changes to your
config.

Update the transform in `jest.config.js`, like so:

```js:title=jest.config.js
    "^.+\\.[jt]sx?$": "<rootDir>/jest-preprocess.js",
```

> 

Reviewer: I'd also add an example here to remove any ambiguity:
````suggestion

For example, if your test utilities are centrally located in a `lib/` directory in your Gatsby site:

```js:title=jest.config.js
    "^.+\\.[jt]sx?$": "lib/jest-preprocess.js",
```
````

Author: The test files don't have to live inside the lib folder. In my project where I've applied the changes all my components are in a separate folder, and all tests live inside this folder...

Reviewer 2: I think there's a misunderstanding here. The user isn;t supposed to replace `<rootDir>` with their own path: the jest config expects the literal string `<rootDir>`. which is replaced *by Jest* with the root directory of the project. e.g. see https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/blob/master/jest.config.js#L37

Reviewer: Ok, that is definitely confusing as angle brackets often denote "replace this" in docs. You can disregard my example, but we should clarify that the literal string `<rootDir>` needs to be included.

> Update the transform in `jest.config.js` to run `jest-preprocess` on files in your project's root directory, where `<rootDir>` is replaced with the correct relative path:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the transform in `jest.config.js` to run `jest-preprocess` on files in your project's root directory, where `<rootDir>` is kept intact as a literal string to dynamically pass the relative path to Jest:
```
Is this accurate to communicate how the `<rootDir>` string is used here? (this was already updated once, based on my own confusion)

Author: Yes, I think this is correct. Sorry I meant to update this all week, never got to it. :/

> Update the transform in `jest.config.js` to run `jest-preprocess` on files in your project's root directory, where `<rootDir>` is kept intact as a literal string to dynamically pass the relative path to Jest:

Reviewer 3: i suggest more easy english:

```suggestion
Update the transform in `jest.config.js` to run `jest-preprocess` on files in your project's root directory. 

**Note:** `<rootDir>` is replaced by Jest with the root directory of the project. Don't change it.
```

> Also update `jest.preprocess.js` with the following babel preset to look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also update `jest.preprocess.js` with the following Babel preset to look like this:
```

```js:title=jest.config.js
module.exports = {
  transform: {
    "^.+\\.[jt]sx?$": "<rootDir>/jest-preprocess.js",
  },
  moduleNameMapper: {
    ".+\\.(css|styl|less|sass|scss)$": "identity-obj-proxy",
    ".+\\.(jpg|jpeg|png|gif|eot|otf|webp|svg|ttf|woff|woff2|mp4|webm|wav|mp3|m4a|aac|oga)$":
      "<rootDir>/__mocks__/file-mock.js",

>   },

Reviewer 4: I see that `jest` have our current/previous `testRegex`/`moduleFileExtensions` settings as default now:

https://jestjs.io/docs/en/configuration.html#modulefileextensions-array-string
> moduleFileExtensions [array]
> Default: ["js", "json", "jsx", "ts", "tsx", "node"]

https://jestjs.io/docs/en/configuration.html#testregex-string-array-string
> testRegex [string | array]
> Default: (/__tests__/.*|(\\.|/)(test|spec))\\.[jt]sx?$

Below section you added about updating `jest.preprocess.js` there are 2 paragraphs explaining those setting fields which now seem redundant, so maybe we should remove them?

Author: Good spot. I've removed those two paragraphs and pushed the changes.

}
```

Also update `jest.preprocess.js` with the following babel preset to look like this:

```js:title=jest-preprocess.js
const babelOptions = {
  presets: ["babel-preset-gatsby", "@babel/preset-typescript"],
}
```

> The pattern above matches any `.js`, `.jsx`, `.ts` or `.tsx`

Reviewer 4: We don't have "pattern above" anymore, so if we chose to keep information what tests will be picked up we should mention that `jest` by default will use those instead and link to `jest` config docs

Author: I went ahead and did a bigger cleanup and removed more redundant references.
